Learning Objectives:

Understand how to apply SDL2’s low-level rendering and event handling capabilities.
Demonstrate abstraction of SDL2-specific capabilities within Graphics and Input devices.
Understand how to apply Art and Game Asset Libraries.
Demonstrate the separation of the game state from the game view (i.e., the game version of model-view-control).
Project Overview:

In this project, you will implement the graphics and controls for your game. While it's not necessary to get all the game functionality working, the following should be accomplished:

Sprites should appear on the screen.
Keyboard or mouse input should trigger actions.
The view should update based on a sprite's location.
Requirements:

Build on Previous Work: Continue developing your game based on prior assignments or tasks.
Asset Management Using XML: Use XML to load your assets, or dynamically load them by enumerating files in a folder. Textures should be retrieved from a map (a data structure mapping asset names to texture files).
View Class Implementation: Add a View class to the engine. The View class should track the center of the view (and optionally the scale and rotation angle). A view should be static stored and initialized in the engine.
Modify the sprite draw function to account for the view.
Optional: Consider how you could have multiple views displayed in different locations on the screen, each with different perspectives.
You may also want to add methods to the View class that help transform points and rectangles to make drawing simpler.
Frame Rate Limiting: Add frame rate limiting to the engine. You should be able to statically set the frame rate, and the game loop should perform a wait to maintain the ideal frame rate. If the processing takes too long, it skips waiting.
The engine will continually update a static variable for deltaTime (the time the last frame took).
Use this deltaTime in your movement and physics-based code to ensure smooth and consistent animations and actions across different systems.


Playable Demo:

Ensure that your demo showcases features implemented above.

Submission:

Submit your code via GitHub, ensuring your repository is up-to-date using GitHub Desktop. Provide a link to your repository.
There should be at least 3 meaningful commits since your last submission complete with comments.
Include a readme.md that briefly describes the game engine's features and includes images of the demo. (Add additional meaningful text and graphics to your readme from last time.)